Now last time we created this simple batch component that we are using when we display our blog post
and you might have noticed that we have added it to our global namespace for our larval blade of use.
And that's not a best practice to do that.
And instead you should actually create a new folder called it components and move this component.
This batch component into this folder.
But now if you will refresh the page you will see that it no longer works.
It says that the batch of you wasn't found.
And that's because when you create a component and it is not in their main folder of your views you
will have to specify the actual folder name.
So components that batch.
Now it is being displayed but it might not be very convenient to type all this complicated directory
names for your components.
You would like to actually keep it simple because otherwise this is becoming so verbose that you might
think that creating and using components doesn't really make sense for you.
You are typing more than you did before.
So obviously the result solution for this.
So let's close all these templates and open our up service provider.
Now this is the place where we where you can register a thing called component alliance and you can
do that simply by using the blade for site.
So at this time you might want to press enter to add the import for the blade for Sayed and call the
component static method.
Now specify the name of your template.
So that fully qualified name components blade
and we will add alliance for this component call it batch.
Now this simple piece of code is doing us a great favor because now instead of using the component directive
we can magically add budge directive and finish it with end batch.
So now you do not really have to specify the component name because obviously it actually knows what
is the component name you only can specify the additional parameters as the first argument.
So let's save the changes and see if that works.
You can see that it works perfectly obviously.
You can also remove any additional slot settings like we are modifying the type here to display batch
with a different color if you will remove that
it still works and it is green by default because that's how we design it.
So remember when you create your components it's a good practice to put them into the components folder
and then inside your app service provider.
Use the blade if I say component method specified a full complete full component template name.
And then second parameter would be Elias.
So you can use it as a blade directive.